clarify formSheet flex limitations (#1416)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-7.x/native-stack-navigator.md

:::warning

Due to technical issues in platform component integration with `react-native`, `presentation: 'formSheet'` has limited support for `flex: 1`.

> On Android, using `flex: 1` on a top-level content container passed to a `formSheet` with `showAllowedDetents: 'fitToContents'` causes the sheet to not display at all, leaving only the dimmed background visible. Setting fixed values for `sheetAllowedDetents` works correctly (content is aligned for the highest detent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android, using `flex: 1` on a top-level content container passed to a `formSheet` with `showAllowedDetents: 'fitToContents'` causes the sheet to not display at all, leaving only the dimmed background visible. This is because it is the sheet, not the parent who is source of the size. Setting fixed values for `sheetAllowedDetents`, e.g. `[0.4, 0.9]`, works correctly (content is aligned for the highest detent).
```

> On iOS, `flex: 1` with `showAllowedDetents: 'fitToContents'` works properly but setting a fixed value for `showAllowedDetents` causes the screen to display incorrectly - the height of the container does not fill the `formSheet`. This tradeoff is necessary to prevent ["sheet flickering" problem on iOS](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-screens/issues/1722).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, `flex: 1` with `showAllowedDetents: 'fitToContents'` works properly but setting a fixed value for `showAllowedDetents` causes the screen to not respect the `flex: 1` style - the height of the container does not fill the `formSheet` fully, but rather inherits intrinsic size of its contents. This tradeoff is *currently* necessary to prevent ["sheet flickering" problem on iOS](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-screens/issues/1722).
```
